DOCS-10994 API Manager: Update "Multiple External Client Providers" (#363)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-multiple-credential-providers.adoc

* If you delete a client provider from a master organization, all existing APIs and client applications using that client provider default to the native Anypoint Platform client provider.
+
Even though contracts remain intact, policies that authorize against that provider fail because the configuration is deleted.

> * An API created in an environment with an assigned external client provider will always use the external client provider, not the native Anypoint Platform client provider. The following describes one workaround:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An API created in an environment with an assigned external client provider always uses the external client provider, not the native Anypoint Platform client provider. The following describes one workaround:
```
